FFWEB-1751: Add Q&A entries on user contribution (#260)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/faq.md

---

#### Question:

> Can i contribute?

Reviewer: A little more specified phrasing could make it appear  bit "softer."
E.g.:
```suggestion
Can I contribute to the future development of WebComponents?
```

#### Answer:

> Yes. Although the Web Components codebase is closed, you can still discuss and propose at [GitHub issues](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/issues).

Reviewer 2: [off-topic]
I just imagined someone proposing through a GitHub issue and the other half closing it as "won't do" 🤣

Reviewer: What a rejection! 😆

> Yes. Although the Web Components codebase is closed, you can still discuss and propose at [GitHub issues](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/issues).

Reviewer: Being a bit more specific could inspire readers to read on I think.
Although I'm not entirely sure if this combination of `discuss`, `propose`, `issues` etc isn't a bit quirky.
```suggestion
Yes. Although the Web Components codebase is closed, you can still discuss and propose issues, changes and features at [GitHub issues](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/issues).
```

> We are grateful for any feedback, so do not hesitate to ask questions, express concerns whenever you find something worth sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are grateful for any feedback, so do not hesitate to ask questions or express concerns whenever you find something worth sharing.
```

---

#### Question:
Can I see upcoming breaking changes and proposals?

#### Answer:
Yes, at [GitHub issues](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/issues).
You should have no troubles in finding them as all issues are tagged accordingly.

> Do not hesitate to propose your own ideas or  functionalities, we can provide in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not hesitate to propose your own ideas or functionalities you would like us to provide in the future.
```
